mentors.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Mentors
permalink: /mentors/
short: mentors
---
# Who are we?

Name | Description
------------| ----
[<img src="https://www.software.ac.uk/sites/default/files/images/content/david-perez-suarez.png" alt="Dr. David Perez-Suarez" style="width: 300px">](https://www.software.ac.uk/david-perez-suarez) | David is a solar physicist and has worked as a researcher for many years. His passion and advocacy for improving the quality of research software led him to the UCL Research Software Development Group, which he joined last year. He now works in very varied projects and technologies, from web development to C++ modelling.
[<img src="https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research-it-services/images/sinan_shi.jpg" alt="Sinan Shi" style="width: 300px">](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research-it-services/people/sinan) | Sinan is a Research Software Developer at UCL where he has contributed to several projects. Lately, he's focused in medical research software, processing very large amounts of data from hospital's critical care systems. Before joining UCL, Sinan worked in scientific computing and mathematical modelling, mainly focusing on climate and ecology modelling.  
[<img src="https://www.ucl.ac.uk/history/people/academic-staff/eleanor-robson/dr-eleanor-robson" alt="Prof. Eleanor Robson" style="width: 300px">](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/history/people/academic-staff/eleanor-robson) | Eleanor is a Professor of Ancient Middle Eastern History in UCL's History since. For ten years before that she taught in the Department of History and Philosophy of Science at the University of Cambridge, after a varied postdoctoral career in and around the Faculty of Oriental Studies at the University of Oxford.
[<img src="https://github.com/raquel-ucl.png" alt="Raquel Alegre" style="width: 300px">](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research-it-services/people/raquel) | Raquel started working as a Software Engineer in industry more than 10 years ago, dealing with processing of large amounts of satellite data. She developed an interest on the research applications of the software she created, transitioning to Academia. She joined the UCL Research Software Development Group 2 years ago.
[<img src="http://www.jasonmcewen.org/images/mug_shot_new_cropped.jpg" alt="Prof. Jason McEwen" style="width: 300px">](http://www.jasonmcewen.org) | Jason is a University Lecturer (Assistant Professor) in Astrophysics and Cosmology at the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at UCL. He is also a member of the ESA Planck satellite mission, the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) Science Data Processor (SDP) working group, and involved in other international science consortiums.

Commit message:

Added Steve Harris to list of mentors.

mentors.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Mentors
permalink: /mentors/
short: mentors
---
# Who are we?

Name | Description
------------| ----
[<img src="https://www.software.ac.uk/sites/default/files/images/content/david-perez-suarez.png" alt="Dr. David Perez-Suarez" style="width: 300px">](https://www.software.ac.uk/david-perez-suarez) | David is a solar physicist and has worked as a researcher for many years. His passion and advocacy for improving the quality of research software led him to the UCL Research Software Development Group, which he joined last year. He now works in very varied projects and technologies, from web development to C++ modelling.
[<img src="https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research-it-services/images/sinan_shi.jpg" alt="Sinan Shi" style="width: 300px">](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research-it-services/people/sinan) | Sinan is a Research Software Developer at UCL where he has contributed to several projects. Lately, he's focused in medical research software, processing very large amounts of data from hospital's critical care systems. Before joining UCL, Sinan worked in scientific computing and mathematical modelling, mainly focusing on climate and ecology modelling.  
[<img src="https://www.ucl.ac.uk/history/people/academic-staff/eleanor-robson/dr-eleanor-robson" alt="Prof. Eleanor Robson" style="width: 300px">](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/history/people/academic-staff/eleanor-robson) | Eleanor is a Professor of Ancient Middle Eastern History in UCL's History since. For ten years before that she taught in the Department of History and Philosophy of Science at the University of Cambridge, after a varied postdoctoral career in and around the Faculty of Oriental Studies at the University of Oxford.
[<img src="https://github.com/raquel-ucl.png" alt="Raquel Alegre" style="width: 300px">](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/research-it-services/people/raquel) | Raquel started working as a Software Engineer in industry more than 10 years ago, dealing with processing of large amounts of satellite data. She developed an interest on the research applications of the software she created, transitioning to Academia. She joined the UCL Research Software Development Group 2 years ago.
[<img src="https://www.uclh.nhs.uk/OurServices/Consultants/PublishingImages/Steve%20Harris.jpg" alt="Dr. Steve Harris" style="width: 300px">](http://www.jasonmcewen.org) | Steve is a consultant in Critical Care and Anaesthesia, with experience in general, emergency and tropical medicine. He completed a Wellcome Trust Research Training Fellowship, and worked previously as an NIHR Clinical Lecturer in Anaesthesia and Critical care with a strong methodological background in biostatistics, epidemiology, and clinical trials.
[<img src="http://www.jasonmcewen.org/images/mug_shot_new_cropped.jpg" alt="Prof. Jason McEwen" style="width: 300px">](http://www.jasonmcewen.org) | Jason is a University Lecturer (Assistant Professor) in Astrophysics and Cosmology at the Mullard Space Science Laboratory at UCL. He is also a member of the ESA Planck satellite mission, the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) Science Data Processor (SDP) working group, and involved in other international science consortiums.
