---
layout: default
title: Ideas for 2017
short: Ideas
---
# Projects Ideas

Welcome to our list of ideas, here you will find what you can
do for our three projects:

- Have an impact on the study of archaeological pads helping [ORACC](#oracc).
- Things to do with anonymisation and [critical care](#cleanehr) data analysis.
- Compressing data in astrophysics with [BASP](#basp).

## ORACC
<!-- Description of project -->
The ancient cultures of Sumer, Assyria and Babylonia have left a rich written
legacy, in the form of many hundreds of thousands of clay tablets, inscribed in
the complex, wedge-shaped cuneiform script. Over the past two centuries these
artefacts, dating from c.3000 BC to c.100 AD, have been excavated from
archaeological sites across the Middle East, particularly Iraq and Syria, and
are now housed in many different museums around the world.

For several decades now there has been a concerted effort to catalogue,
photograph, edit and analyse these most precious witnesses of the first half of
history. The editorial and analytical effort has been spearheaded by ORACC, the
Open Richly Annotated Cuneiform Corpus, co-directed by [Professor Eleanor
Robson](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/history/people/academic-staff/eleanor-robson) at
UCL, along with international colleagues.

### Ideas
#### Nammu: a modern tool for editing the world's oldest texts
In this project, you will be working on the development of a cross platform
desktop text edition tool. This tool will be vital for the ORACC researchers all
over the world to continue contributing to their catalogue of ancient writings.
This tool will be built using the latest web technologies as well as taking
advantage of existing Open Source projects like
[Electron](http://electron.atom.io), the library developed by GitHub used to
create the text editor [Atom](https://atom.io).

**Requirements:**
* Programming skills
* Demonstrable experience on HTML, CSS, JavaScript (preferably AngularJS)
* An interest in applying and learning good programming practises

**Benefit for the student:**
 * Contribution to an Open Source project with international impact
 * Improve programming skills and practises

**Benefit for the project:**
 * Start a new path for replacing the existing semi functional editor
  with a modern, cross-platform alternative.

**Difficulty:**
 * Medium-Advanced

**More information:**
 * [ORACC](http://oracc.museum.upenn.edu)'s official website.
 * The ORACC [project list](http://oracc.museum.upenn.edu/projectlist.html).
 * [ORACC's help](http://oracc.museum.upenn.edu/doc/help/visitingoracc/index.html).
 * [ORACC at GitHub](https://github.com/oracc).
 * Nammu https://github.com/oracc/nammu
 * [Blog post about Nammu](http://oracc.blogspot.co.uk/2016/07/editing-atf-with-nammu.html) by Prof. Eleanor Robson.
 * [Slides](http://slides.com/raquelalegre/oracc-7#/) for seminar about ORACC
   and UCL RSDG collaboration at UCL Digital Humanities (27th April 2016)


## cleanEHR
CCHIC is an ever growing database which currently contains of over 20000
electronic healthcare record from intensive care units of 5 largest UK NHS
trusts.  Critically ill patients are usually cared for in Critical Care Units
with access to high levels of monitoring (such as continuous blood pressure and
oxygen levels). The richness of CCHIC dataset can provide a unique insight of
critical illness and the long term effect of our treatments. cleanEHR is a R
data cleaning and analysis tool aiming to help data analysis of CCHIC data. The
aim of cleanEHR is to make the open source software a useful and robust tool for
EHR data analysis and platform of open data research collaboration. 

### Ideas
#### Who is the outlier? 
We all have the experience to spend 80% of our time to clean the data and 20% to
do the real analysis. The data messiness is the biggest problem in big data
analysis. The CCHIC dataset is not an exception. In this project we would like
to focus on the data outlier issue. Outliers are referred to as abnormalities,
discordants, deviants and anomalies. The presence of outliers may caused by
human and system errors or other reasons such as severe pathological states,
intake of drugs, poor blood sample collection and so on. Outliers from the human
and system errors can introduce huge bias to the data analysis, thus it is
crucial to be able to point them out and remove them.  One can find many
methods in literature to deal with this problem, such as Tukey's method,
Z-score, Cook's distance, Mahalanobis distance,  K-mean and so on. We would like to
implement these methods in our cleanEHR package. The student will be expected to
design the data cleaning structure with the help of the core development team,
write the code of these algorithm, validate each method and if possible, compare
the performance of these methods. A student will learn basic statistics
algorithm and the nature of EHR alongside with some interesting coding work. 

**Requirements:**
* R programming language
* analytic skills - basic statistics
* Knowledge of medical science not required

**Difficulty:**
* Medium

#### SQL vs NoSQL
Intensive care patient record data is highly heterogeneous. It contains single
value text items (e.g. NHS number), longitudinal data (e.g. hourly heart rate),
free text (e.g. doctor notes), images, and waveform data. NoSQL has shown a huge
potential to deal with heterogeneous data with its scaling potential. We would
like to know the potential of both SQL and NoSQL system. There is no such
research has been conducted before regarding the intensive care EHR.  We would
like to develop both SQL and NoSQL prototype and analyse the result and
performance.  


**Requirements:**
* Basic level programming skills in either Python, R 
* Some experience in relational database, such as Postgres, MySQL, ORACLE.
* NoSQL knowledge is a plus but not necessary
* Willing to learn new techniques in databases and programming languages

**Difficulty:**
* Medium


#### Clinical data analysis web interface. 
Our clinic data analysis tool offers an unique possibility to clinical
researchers to do data analysis on the CCHIC dataset. The users can use the
programming language R to call the built-in functionalities from cleanEHR.
However, not all the clinical researchers are R-literate. Therefore, we are
setting a huge barrier for those who don't know how to program. We would like to
develop a web based GUI to lower down this barrier and make our open data and
software to non-programming folks. 

**Requirements:**
* Familiar with at least one of the following programming language, R, Python,
  Ruby, PHP, JavaScript. 
* Have web programming experience, knowing web framework, such as Django, FLASK,
  and Ruby on rail is a plus. 


**Difficulty:**
* Easy 

## BASP
<!-- Description of project -->

### Ideas
#### GUI
<!-- Description of idea-->


**Requirements:**

**Previous knowledge:**

**Difficulty:**


